The person who probably gave me the best advice about my life I have to
say, it would be my friends, especially my Navy friends. I have a
good friend he was a fellow nuclear electrician with me, we've been
learning computer science together, we fought through our electrician
trainings together, and he went off and did his own thing and just
a conversation that we had you know like sitting around with some coffee
or some beers, we talked about like well what do you want to be?
Well I wanna be this. What do you want to be? For instance he actually
taught me a lot about mortgages and stuff. I read this book that
he presented its called Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki, and
after reading that book then I kinda got ideas like okay rather than
the cubicle thing I probably want to make my own business or something.
I'd rather you know like have some kind of other income rather
than a nine to five job. Or rather we would talk about his prior relationship
and the fact that like his wife maybe didn't want to work
so much. And we thought about like the income and outcome of his of
a one working party system. You know like if one person doesn't work
and the other person just takes care of the kids, then I guess you
can't be as rich as you normally would be. So that had an effect on me,
the person that I wanna meet in the future. Do I want like a housewife,
which is fine you know. She could have a decent life making
kids and you know making dinner and you know folding clothes. Or do
I want a someone who's working, in which case like my clothes would
suffer, my kids who suffer, my household chores would suffer you know.
So like things like that are very very important to consider and
to consider wisely and the fireside chats with my friend actually got
me to think about my life, my future life very very very hard.